---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Glossary

- **PIM** - stands for Product Information Management. It's a system or software used by businesses to manage and centralize product information, including technical specifications, marketing descriptions, pricing, and other relevant data. PIM systems help organizations maintain accurate and consistent product data across various channels, such as e-commerce websites, mobile apps, and printed catalogs. This centralized management ensures that product information is up-to-date and synchronized across all sales and marketing platforms, improving efficiency and data quality.
- **DAM** - stands for Digital Asset Management. It's a system or software used by organizations to store, organize, manage, and retrieve digital assets efficiently. Digital assets can include a wide range of media files, such as images, videos, audio files, documents, and more. DAM systems provide tools for cataloging, tagging, searching, and sharing digital assets within an organization.
- **Cross-sell** - a sales and marketing technique used in e-commerce and various retail settings to encourage customers to purchase additional or related products alongside the ones they are already interested in or have added to their shopping cart. The primary goal of cross-selling is to increase the average transaction value by offering complementary or higher-value items to customers.
- **Upselling** - a sales and marketing technique commonly used in e-commerce and various retail settings to encourage customers to purchase a more expensive or premium version of the product they are interested in or have added to their shopping cart. The primary goal of upselling is to increase the average transaction value by persuading customers to spend more by upgrading to a higher-end product or adding premium features.
- **Cart merge** - in e-commerce refers to the process of combining or merging multiple shopping carts or baskets into a single cart. This functionality is especially useful in scenarios where customers have interacted with an e-commerce website or app using different devices or sessions and have added items to their carts in each of those interactions.
- **PDP** - stands for "Product Detail Page". The Product Detail Page is a crucial element of an online store's website or app, and it serves as a dedicated page that provides comprehensive information about a specific product or item available for purchase. The primary purpose of a PDP is to give potential customers detailed insights into a product, helping them make informed purchasing decisions.
- **PLP** - stands for "Product Listing Page". The Product Listing Page is a fundamental component of an online store's website or app, and it serves as the primary page where customers can browse and explore a selection of products offered by the retailer. PLPs are often the first pages that customers interact with when they visit an online store.
- **SRP** - stands for "Search Results Page". It's the page that displays search query results to users when they search for products on an online store's website or app. This page typically includes a list of products that match the user's search terms, allowing them to browse and explore relevant items.
OMS - stands for Order Management System. It is a system or software used by e-commerce businesses to efficiently manage the entire order process, from customer purchase through fulfillment and delivery. OMS systems are crucial in coordinating various aspects of the sales process, such as inventory management, order entry, order fulfillment, and shipping. By centralizing these functions, an OMS ensures that customer orders are processed accurately and fulfilled promptly, enhancing the overall shopping experience.
- **PSP** - stands for Payment Service Provider. It is a service essential for e-commerce platforms, facilitating the acceptance and processing of online payments. PSPs enable merchants to receive payments via various methods such as credit cards, direct debit, and real-time bank transfers. They secure the transaction process, handle payment gateways, and work with banks and credit card networks to ensure efficient and secure payment processing. PSPs also offer tools for fraud prevention and financial reconciliation, which are vital in managing the financial transactions of e-commerce operations.
- **ERP** - stands for Enterprise Resource Planning. In the context of e-commerce, ERP software integrates all facets of an operation, including product planning, development, manufacturing processes, sales, and marketing in a single database, application, and user interface. ERP systems help e-commerce businesses streamline their operations and maintain a single source of truth across financial, supply chain, and customer management activities. This unified system enhances data accuracy, operational efficiency, and provides comprehensive insights for strategic decision-making and improved customer satisfaction.